# Untitled

# NextJS Timetable Viewer

This Next.js web application allows users to view schedules generated by the python SAT solver. The app communicates with the SAT solver through HTTP requests, fetching and displaying schedules for each student.

## Features

- **Student Display**: An organized view of enrolled students and their term-specific schedules.
- **Schedule Viewer**: View term-specific schedules for each student.
- **SAT Solver Requests**: Request new timetable solutions for predefined data-sets.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

## Usage

If you would like to run the *Python SAT Solver* and use the *Nextjs Web App* for interaction with the Solver: 

*From the project folder run to following commands.*
	a. Ensure the model.sh has execute permission.
	```sh
		chmod +x model.sh
	```
	
    b. Build both the Sat Solver and the Web App containers.
	```sh
		./model.sh --build
	```
    c. Start both the Sat Solver and the Web App
	```sh
		./model.sh --start
	```
    d. The Web App can be accessed at [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)
    e. To stop both the Web App and the Sat Solver, you can `Ctrl+C` in the terminal to interrupt and shut down both containers. Running the following command is also an option if your terminal is not tied up.
	```sh
		./model.sh --shutdown
	```
    f. From the shutdown state both the Sat Solver and the Web APP containers can be restarted with `./model.sh --start` followed by `./model.sh --run` to run both programs.

## Configuring Ports
The `config.json` in the root directory of the project can be used to change the ports of the Nextjs web app. Also not that the ports need to be changed in the `docker-compose.yml` as well.

## SAT Solver Requests

Predefined test data sets are defined in the to the `tests.config.json` in the root project directory. The JSON data sets are found in the `data/testing` directory of the root project, and can be customized as desired.

- **`id`**: A unique identifier for the test.
- **`test`**: A name for the test.
- **`description`**: A description of the test.
- **`location`**: The location of the test data set.

***Example:***
```json
[
    {   
        "id": 0,
        "test": "test-set-01",
        "description": "An example test data set",
        "location": "data/testing/test-data-set"
    }
]
```